Hi Keith,
I am sending you files as a part of solution. I am sending you also kNN.py because I modified/added some functions regarding the ticket data computation.

I finished in three hours, but I did not count time for:
1. installing numpy on my development machine.
2. reading first two chapters of MLinA book.

Here are my answers for questions that I know:
- Please explain how you would use a regualarizer with KNN
?
- What are KNN specific pitfalls to be aware of?

KNN operates on the whole input dataset and because of that is computing intensive and requires a lot of memory. However, this becomes a problem for larger input datasets. By testing, that volume could be easily calculated.

- Have you any suggestions for:
  * Normalising the data
  * expanding the input data (correlation, auto-correllation, more time frames)
  * Dimension reduction after data expansion
?
- Can you suggest other ML algos/methods that might be more appropriate
Suported Vector Machines
- Can you explain how you approach the whole ML process; collect, prepare, test,
 train, validate etc.

Data collection:
I entered provided link into the browser. I observed the data in order to learn its structure. I noticed the header part which explains data structure. I learned that data is financial because I googled the QQQ term. It has time as dimension, financial data, and number of trading volume. I learned that data is grouped into days, every day consists of 392 rows.
Prepare:
I striped the data without the header part into comma separated values. Using the LONG classification algorithm, I wrote a function for data classification.
Train
KNN is supervised algorithm, and needs training data. That data is part (in some percentage) of input data. We must not use the whole input data because then algorithm memorize the training data and further classification on new data in wrong in high levels.

Test
Because of traning problem, we need to have testing data as some percentage of input set. I noticed that when that percentage is higher, the classifier gives better results.

Regards, Karlo.
